[jaeger-v2] Add support for artificial jaeger storage receiver (#5242)
jaegertracing/jaeger: cmd/jaeger/integration/receivers/storagereceiver/README.md

# Storage Receiver

`storagereceiver` is a fake receiver that creates an artificial stream of traces by:

- repeatedly querying one of Jaeger storage backends for all traces (by service).
- tracking new traces / spans and passing them to the next component in the pipeline.

# Getting Started

The following settings are required:

> - `trace_storage` (no default): Jaeger's storage extension name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `trace_storage` (no default): name of a storage backend defined in `jaegerstorage` extension
```
